Istio 1.19 (#373)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.1.0.md

## New features

- Update the Istio version to 1.19.0 [#373](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/373)
- Enable Horizontal Pod Autoscaling capability for smaller cluster installation [#371](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/371)

> - Apply additional Kyma resources and configuration like PeerAuthentication configuring service-mesh traffic to only allow mTLS and install Istio Grafana dashboards [#334](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/334)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply additional Kyma resources and configuration, such as PeerAuthentication configuring service-mesh traffic to only allow mTLS. Install Istio Grafana dashboards [#334](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/334)
```

> - Apply additional Kyma resources and configuration like Kyma Gateway, configure service-mesh traffic to only allow mTLS using PeerAuthentication, install Istio Grafana dashboards, and expose Istio availability endpoint with a Virtual Service [#334](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/334)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Apply additional Kyma resources and configuration like PeerAuthentication configuring service-mesh traffic to only allow mTLS and install Istio Grafana dashboards [#334](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/334)
```
